Updated: Get PO status (#60)
vippsas/management-api: management-api-guide.md

| Endpoint | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Merchants: | |
| [`GET:/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/management/#tag/Merchants/operation/getMerchantSalesUnits) | [Get the sales units for a merchant by business identifier](#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier). Get a list of all the sales units that belong to the specified merchant. |
| [`GET:/merchants/{scheme}/{id}`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/management/#tag/Ideas/operation/getMerchantBusinessIdentifier) | [Get one merchant by business identifier](#get-one-merchant-by-business-identifier). |
| Sales units: | | 
| [`GET:/sales-units/{msn}`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/management/#tag/Sales-units/operation/getMsn) | [Get information about a sales unit](#get-information-about-a-sales-unit). Get details about one sales unit (MSN). |
| [`GET:/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/management/#tag/Ideas/operation/getAllSalesUnits) | [Get all sales units](#get-all-sales-units). *Available in Q4.* |
| Product orders: | | 

> | [`POST:/products/orders`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/api/management/#tag/Product-orders/operation/orderProduct) | [Pre-fill a product order](#pre-fill-a-product-order). Allows for "pre-fill" of the product order form on portal.vipps.no, ensuring correct information, a simple experience for the merchant, and speedy processing of the product order.  |

Reviewer: Should it be `/product-orders`?

Author: Ah, yes!

}
```

Below are some _ideas_ for statuses to be returned:

| Status       | Description                                           | Realistic?    | Comment                 |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------- |
| `CREATED`    | The PO exists, but nothing has been done with it yet. | ✅ Yes.       |                         |     

> | `OPENED`     | The PO URL has been accessed.                         | ✅ Yes.       |                         | 

Reviewer: How will we be able to detect this? 🤔

Reviewer 2: We could probably just update based on a get specific prefill request.

Reviewer 2: The get multiple product orders request is separate, so if someone uses the get specific endpoint, it should probably be the merchant that has accessed it.

Reviewer: Ah, right. Didn't know 💡 

A GET from MP would then mean we would do a status change (equivalent to PATCH), which is kinda weird, but OK I guess.

Author: Is it doable? If not, we can skip it, and just offer info if the PO has been submitted.

Reviewer: Not the most important thing IMO, and also a little bit weird functionality. But should be doable 🤔

Reviewer 2: Agree with ole kristian, kinda strange to update based on GET, but I also could see partners liking this status.

Author: Partners do ask us "Has the merchant used the link we sent them?", so there is at least _some_ need for this. If it's doable and it eliminates manual work on our side, it makes sense.

We can wish that partners ask _the merchant_ if they have clicked the link, but that doesn't change anything.

| `SUBMITTED`  | The merchant has clicked "Send" on the PO.            | ✅ Yes.       |                         | 
| `PENDING`    | Processing has not started yet.                       | Maybe not.    |  We may not be able to provide this.                        | 
| `PROCESSING` | Processing has started.                               | Maybe not.    |  We may not be able to provide this.                        | 
| `AWAITING-CUSTOMER` | We are waiting for the merchant to respond.    | Maybe not.    |  We may not be able to provide this.                       |

> | `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | ✅ Yes.       |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 

Author: Isn't this the same as `GET:;/merchants/{scheme}/{id}`, which we already have, and almost just a facade for it?

> | `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | ✅ Yes.       |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 

Reviewer 2: Yes and no... if we talk about it in the context of prefill no, since we have no way of connecting the prefill with the resulting sales unit.

So for a prefill we have the top status-es, for a merchant we have just this (and deactivated), but we have no ids that connect them, so the status-es will will not be valid for the same endpoint, with the same ids.

> | `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | ✅ Yes.       |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 

Reviewer 2: So for this endpoint that gets based on the prefillOrderId, we'll not have this information, because we don't know the resulting sales unit.

> | `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | ✅ Yes.       |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 

Author: @niklud OK, so which statuses are we able to provide for pre-fill? POs made without pre-fill are not in scope.

> | `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | ✅ Yes.       |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `APPROVED`   | Everything OK: The merchant is approved and active.   | Maybe not.    |  Similar to [`GET:/management/v1/merchants/{scheme}/{id}/sales-units`](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/management-api/management-api-guide/#get-the-sales-units-for-a-merchant-by-business-identifier)                       | 
```
